src/frames/frame.md, before:

# Frames

## Frame panel
You can manage frame shapes and frame groups in the frame panel.

![](/assets/frame.png)

You can add a frame or a frame group by the add button.

![](/assets/frame-add.png)

You can change the name of each item by the menu or double-clicking the name.

![](/assets/frame-menu.png)

You can change the order of items by dragging one.

![](/assets/frame-sort.png)

## Frame shapes

### Role
Frame shapes create sections in the canvas. Shapes on a frame shape are treated as if they were children of the frame shape without grouped.

![](/assets/frame-role.png)

### Name
Each frame shape can have name that is displayed near by. This name is visible only in the canvas and isn't printed out.

### Move
Shapes on the frame move along with the frame. You can also move selected frame shape without moving other shapes by shift-dragging.  
When frame shapes have overlapping part, it's unstable which shapes on that part belong to.

Frame shapes don't move by dragging unless they're already selected before dragging.

### Order
Frame shapes are always placed at the backmost position in the canvas except for frame groups.

### Grouping
Frame shapes can belong to frame groups only. They can't belong to other shapes such as group shapes or align box shapes.

### Export
Shapes on the frame are exported as part of the frame.

## Frame group

### Role
Frame groups accommodate and automatically align multiple frames inside.

![](/assets/frame-align.png)

### Name
Each frame group can have name that is displayed near by. This name is visible only in the canvas and isn't printed out.

### Move
Frame groups don't move by dragging unless they're already selected before dragging.

### Order
Frame groups are always placed at the backmost position in the canvas.

### Grouping
Frame groups can't belong to other shapes including other frame groups.  
Frame groups can accommodate frame shapes only.

## Export frames
You can export shapes sectioned by frames.

Click the export button in the frame panel, then the export dialog displays.

![](/assets/frame-export.png)

![](/assets/frame-export-dialog.png)

When multiple frames are exported as files, they are compressed as ZIP file.

### PDF export
Although this application doesn't support PDF export, your browser may provide PDF print after exporting frames as `Print` format.

Commit message:

doc: Add pages about align box shapes

src/frames/frame.md, after:

# Frames

## Frame panel
You can manage frame shapes and frame groups in the frame panel.

![](/assets/frame.png)

You can add a frame or a frame group by the add button.

![](/assets/frame-add.png)

You can change the name of each item by the menu or double-clicking the name.

![](/assets/frame-menu.png)

You can change the order of items by dragging one.

![](/assets/frame-sort.png)

## Frame shapes

### Role
Frame shapes create sections in the canvas. Shapes on a frame shape are treated as if they were children of the frame shape without grouped.

![](/assets/frame-role.png)

### Name
Each frame shape can have name that is displayed near by. This name is visible only in the canvas and isn't printed out.

### Move
Shapes on the frame move along with the frame. You can also move selected frame shape without moving other shapes by shift-dragging.  
When frame shapes have overlapping part, it's unstable which shapes on that part belong to.

Frame shapes don't move by dragging unless they're already selected before dragging.

### Order
Frame shapes are always placed at the backmost position in the canvas except for frame groups.

### Grouping
Frame shapes can belong to frame groups only. They can't belong to other shapes such as group shapes or align box shapes.

### Export
Shapes on the frame are exported as part of the frame.

## Frame group

### Role
Frame groups accommodate and automatically align multiple frames inside.

![](/assets/frame-align.png)

Frame groups have the same alignment functionality as [Align box](/shape-alignbox).

### Name
Each frame group can have name that is displayed near by. This name is visible only in the canvas and isn't printed out.

### Move
Frame groups don't move by dragging unless they're already selected before dragging.

### Order
Frame groups are always placed at the backmost position in the canvas.

### Grouping
Frame groups can't belong to other shapes including other frame groups.  
Frame groups can accommodate frame shapes only.

## Export frames
You can export shapes sectioned by frames.

Click the export button in the frame panel, then the export dialog displays.

![](/assets/frame-export.png)

![](/assets/frame-export-dialog.png)

When multiple frames are exported as files, they are compressed as ZIP file.

### PDF export
Although this application doesn't support PDF export, your browser may provide PDF print after exporting frames as `Print` format.
